addition of two digit numbers three tens
plus four verse is equal to thirty plus
four is equal to 34 we can add like this
hence once 30 plus 4 we write here for Z
plus 4 for here 334 and test two tenths
a bunsen verse first we add 62 plus 25
we add from the right side 2 plus 5 is 7
now 6 plus 2 is 8 total number is 87
now we will count 13 plus 24 we will add
from the right side 3 plus 4 is equal to
7 now 1 plus 2
is equal to three total number is 37 now
we learn carry gospel we add 79 plus 17
first we add once and once 9 plus 7 is
equal to 16 be right here first place 6
and the tens place 1 carry here now we
add 1 plus 7 plus 1 is equal to 9 total
number is 96 try another son first we
add 6 plus 6 is equal to 12 we write
here worst place to enter dance place
one carry here now we add 1 plus 6 plus
2 is equal to 9 total number is nice too